clinic_id 168 got match tetracycline === > longdescription
clinic_id 652 got match versed === > longdescription
clinic_id 809 got match versed === > longdescription
clinic_id 1012 got match meth === > longdescription
clinic_id 1945 got match versed === > longdescription
clinic_id 5170 got match amoxicillin === > shortdescription
clinic_id 15544 got match sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 18697 got match sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 18697 got match sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 18774 got match sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 18946 got match sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 23059 got match insulin === > longdescription
clinic_id 32135 got match sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 32135 got match sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 32136 got match sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 32136 got match sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 32137 got match sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 32137 got match sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 37330 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id combined got match versed === > name
clinic_id combined got match Naltrexone === > name
clinic_id 37505 got match Gardasil === > longdescription
clinic_id 37581 got match Artane === > longdescription
clinic_id 135898 got match versed === > combined
clinic_id 135947 got match Naltrexone === > combined
clinic_id 136091 got match Sculptra === > combined
clinic_id 136902 got match oxytocin === > combined
clinic_id 137269 got match Xeomin === > combined
clinic_id 137319 got match Doral === > combined
clinic_id 137322 got match Dobutamine === > combined
clinic_id 38797 got match Syeda === > name
clinic_id 137821 got match Camila === > combined
clinic_id 137884 got match versed === > combined
clinic_id 138049 got match Eylea === > combined
clinic_id 138049 got match Lucentis === > combined
clinic_id 138049 got match Ozurdex === > combined
clinic_id 138188 got match HGH === > combined
clinic_id 138189 got match HGH === > combined
clinic_id 139260 got match Insulin === > combined
clinic_id 139285 got match Bexsero === > combined
clinic_id 139285 got match Gardasil === > combined
clinic_id 139374 got match Sculptra === > combined
clinic_id 39884 got match Artane === > name
clinic_id 140289 got match Beyaz === > combined
clinic_id 140418 got match Renova === > combined
clinic_id 140466 got match Insulin === > combined
clinic_id 140624 got match Sculptra === > combined
clinic_id 40424 got match versed === > longdescription
clinic_id 140624 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 140624 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 140624 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 141336 got match Sculptra === > combined
clinic_id 40681 got match versed === > longdescription
clinic_id 141566 got match Artane === > combined
clinic_id 141567 got match Artane === > combined
clinic_id 141847 got match Collagenase === > combined
clinic_id 140624 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 142168 got match Sculptra === > combined
clinic_id 140624 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 141336 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 141566 got match Artane === > longdescription
clinic_id 141567 got match Artane === > longdescription
clinic_id 141847 got match Collagenase === > longdescription
clinic_id 142168 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 91658 got match Chlorhexidine === > longdescription
clinic_id 91721 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 91775 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 91775 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 100122 got match SCULPTRA === > longdescription
clinic_id 42879 got match Soma === > name
clinic_id 142594 got match mifepristone === > longdescription
clinic_id 142594 got match misoprostol === > longdescription
clinic_id 92034 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 100441 got match Yasmin === > longdescription
clinic_id 142730 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 142731 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 92173 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 92473 got match Evista === > name
clinic_id 92636 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 92637 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 92638 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 92640 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 92674 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 92699 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 101107 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 92709 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 92709 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 92833 got match Propecia === > longdescription
clinic_id 101335 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 101335 got match Tretinoin === > longdescription
clinic_id 101395 got match Yaz === > name
clinic_id 143658 got match misoprostol === > shortdescription
clinic_id 93005 got match Soma === > longdescription
clinic_id 101490 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 101493 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 93284 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 94047 got match sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 94059 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 102020 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 94166 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 102232 got match Evista === > name
clinic_id 144502 got match Renova === > name
clinic_id 102247 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 102247 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 102274 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 102341 got match SCULPTRA === > shortdescription
clinic_id 102341 got match SCULPTRA === > longdescription
clinic_id 102394 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 102394 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 102411 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 102702 got match Gardisil === > longdescription
clinic_id 102702 got match Suboxone === > longdescription
clinic_id 102702 got match Synvisc === > longdescription
clinic_id 102783 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 102784 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 102785 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 152395 got match avastin === > longdescription
clinic_id 152395 got match lucentis === > longdescription
clinic_id 102786 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 102923 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 152608 got match testosterone === > longdescription
clinic_id 95302 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 95305 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 95310 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103140 got match Artane === > longdescription
clinic_id 145587 got match Gardasil === > longdescription
clinic_id 95485 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 95503 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103461 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 153165 got match Antara === > name
clinic_id 153181 got match Kenalog === > longdescription
clinic_id 95682 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 145842 got match Latisse === > longdescription
clinic_id 103545 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103545 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103555 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103555 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103556 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103556 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 95750 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103557 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103557 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103558 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103558 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103559 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103559 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103560 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103560 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103561 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103561 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103562 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103562 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103563 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103563 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103564 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103564 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103565 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103565 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103566 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103566 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103567 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103567 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103568 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103568 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103569 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103569 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103570 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103570 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103571 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103571 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103572 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103572 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103573 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103573 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103574 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103574 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103575 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103575 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103576 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103576 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103577 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103577 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103578 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103578 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103579 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103579 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103580 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103580 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103581 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103581 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103582 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103582 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103583 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103583 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103584 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103584 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103585 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103585 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103586 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103586 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103587 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103587 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103588 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103588 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103589 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103589 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 96135 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 153780 got match Botox === > name
clinic_id 96248 got match versed === > longdescription
clinic_id 103974 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103974 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 103975 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 103975 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 104087 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 104198 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 104317 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 104318 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 154472 got match estradiol === > longdescription
clinic_id 96921 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 147032 got match apriso === > longdescription
clinic_id 147032 got match Asacol === > longdescription
clinic_id 147032 got match canasa === > longdescription
clinic_id 147032 got match Lialda === > longdescription
clinic_id 147032 got match lotronex === > longdescription
clinic_id 147032 got match pegasys === > longdescription
clinic_id 147032 got match pentasa === > longdescription
clinic_id 147032 got match remicade === > longdescription
clinic_id 147032 got match zenpep === > longdescription
clinic_id 147034 got match allay === > longdescription
clinic_id 147160 got match Arestin === > longdescription
clinic_id 104751 got match Camila === > name
clinic_id 104751 got match Camila === > longdescription
clinic_id 97132 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 97186 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 154881 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 154889 got match testosterone === > longdescription
clinic_id 147436 got match insulin === > longdescription
clinic_id 105177 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 105177 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 105330 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 105404 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 105461 got match sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 148012 got match Isoflurane === > longdescription
clinic_id 148012 got match Sevoflurane === > longdescription
clinic_id 98195 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 98219 got match CLOMID === > longdescription
clinic_id 105841 got match Xeomin === > longdescription
clinic_id 105887 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 105911 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 156068 got match Hydrocodone === > longdescription
clinic_id 156068 got match Methadone === > longdescription
clinic_id 156068 got match Morphine === > longdescription
clinic_id 156068 got match Oxycodone === > longdescription
clinic_id 156068 got match OxyContin === > longdescription
clinic_id 156068 got match Vicodin === > longdescription
clinic_id 106020 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 106056 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 106069 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 106097 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 106097 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 106140 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 106144 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 106159 got match Soma === > name
clinic_id 156611 got match Botox === > name
clinic_id 106502 got match Bexsero === > longdescription
clinic_id 106502 got match Malarone === > longdescription
clinic_id 106539 got match Soma === > longdescription
clinic_id 149315 got match microDerm === > longdescription
clinic_id 106633 got match versed === > longdescription
clinic_id 106718 got match Soma === > longdescription
clinic_id 106719 got match Soma === > longdescription
clinic_id 99476 got match Emla === > longdescription
clinic_id 106770 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 106770 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 99644 got match Microderm === > longdescription
clinic_id 107015 got match Collagenase === > longdescription
clinic_id 107087 got match Emla === > longdescription
clinic_id 107297 got match Artane === > name
clinic_id 107474 got match versed === > longdescription
clinic_id 107575 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 107980 got match Clomid === > longdescription
clinic_id 108245 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 158699 got match Calis === > name
clinic_id 158701 got match versed === > longdescription
clinic_id 108267 got match Artane === > longdescription
clinic_id 108586 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
clinic_id 108649 got match Sculptra === > shortdescription
clinic_id 108649 got match Sculptra === > longdescription
